use the following search parameters to narrow your results:

e.g. subreddit:aww site:imgur.com dog

see the search faq for details.

advanced search: by author, subreddit...

STANDINGS

SCHEDULE

Norm Powell pissed, he already had his shoes off lmao

That man would run naked for a bbq buffet, he gonna be ok

Same

Ty Lue is about to shoot his second free throw when a figure in a black hoodie is seen running full speed towards the foul line. As Lue sets his feet and shoots, the figure jumps through the crowd of Clippers players, blocking Lue's shot, body checking him to the ground. The players fall silent as the hooded man stands over Lue's limp body. He pauses for a moment, staring down at the Clippers coach, before pulling down his hoodie to reveal his face. It is Allen Iverson. "No easy buckets", he says, as he steps over Lue's body before running off the court, disappearing behind the double doors.

We're talking about practice.

Practice??

Not the game

We sayin' practice??

Playoffs?

I was expecting Taquavion.

I remember that commercial too!

pg at the end runnin and gigglin like a kid looks so wholesome

This was awesome...

Surprised him and Kawhi aren’t on load management.

Not surprised to find a turd in the punch bowl.

Simple thangs in life. The brotherhood. Even kawhi smiles at this shit

Mans was trying to curse that ball lol

People on Toronto and the Clippers say Kawhi actually jokes a lot. He’s just not a public kinda guy.

What about SA???

did you not see the HEB commercials? he's a FUN guy!

I didn't tbh

I don't currently live in Houston, and haven't since 2015

I mean Kawhi did participate in a hilarious parody of Tim and Eric while on the Spurs.

I have never seen this before, fuck this is such a faithful recreation!

I know most teams do weird stuff like this, but kudos to the team that did this!

That team was pretty old and he was a young dude at that point. Plus he was at the bottom/near the bottom of the pecking order to start off the social dynamic. Way different than being a decorated nba champion who lead his team to a title and being the best dude on the team while as good as anyone in the league when healthy.

T H A N K  Y O U

The worst of the worst times I had in the army were made tolerable by being with the bois

PTSD sucks but my boss always has a story to tell with his boys in the army

I was about to say this reminds of the days in usmc infantry. Just you n the boys, no phones or distractions from the outside world. Hope they’re all doing good

Thanks for your service

He a fun guy

Kawhi smiling is not a big deal lmao

Reddit doesnt realize they are the weird ones with the constant Kawhi personality/robot comments lol

Kawhi looks super happy in this pic:

https://img.huffingtonpost.com/asset/5d001bd6240000120f85abc6.png?cache=9umh2nimHJ&ops=scalefit\_720\_noupscale&format=webp

this video made me love funny kahwi

Love this type of stuff. Basketball is fun

They all look so happy, I love seeing people having fun

Yeah football team would be way too big to do something like this with.

Fuck no it’s not. It’s a calling. You don’t smile for something that’s your calling. You don’t laugh for something that’s your calling. You show up, do your job and do it right. You don’t enjoy something that’s your calling - you do it because your entire life has built up to that point. You get in there, and you suck those dicks. What were we talking about again?

[deleted]

I thought it was a joke or some kind of copypasta

I remember we did this in HS after every practice with he player shooting it. We would do one suicide, coach would roll the ball to a player. He makes it, we go home, misses, another suicide and so on. Then one day he switched it up and said that he will shoot the FT, if he makes it, 3 suicides for all of us, misses, he will do it. We were acting just like this, thank god he missed it lol. I miss HS basketball lol

I miss all the shenanigans, competition, and brotherhood in practice. We'd all have to suffer through running suicides, doing laps with our hands above our heads, dozens of pushups, etc. for missing free throws or having a big get boxed out by a guard. Some of my coaches were really creative with making a really competitive environment in practice. I was in such great shape because I never wanted to be the last one to finish a suicide or fumble a layup or get beat on a fastbreak.

Now I feel old. Haven't played on a basketball team in years.

If you haven't considered it; coaching youth ball is extremely fun and satisfying for getting that feeling back.  It isn't the same, but you start to understand the other-side a bit more and relate more to what your coaches were like.  It was surprising how invested I felt in the high school kids I was coaching, not just on the court but off.  In many areas they need volunteers and youth coaches extremely bad.  I highly recommend giving it a try.  You might need to experiment to find what you like as the age you coach changes the experience drastically.  Perhaps you might prefer just being an assistant coach at a high school level vs a head coach for 5th graders, etc.  Give it a go and then not only do you get some satisfaction from it, but you also get to give those kids the same experience you had.  Plus, if you are like me, I used the practices as my own workout as I would do it with them to show them I wasn't all talk.  Great way to exercise without it feeling like exercise.

And if you feel like you don't have the skillset to coach, you are likely wrong.  There are thousands of people forced into coaching their kids teams each year because there is nobody else to do it.  Sometimes people that have never played before or don't care about the sport.  I wasn't a "great" coach, but I was good at teaching kids how to be good people and enough about our sport to push them to be better.

Edit: Also, if you have an old coach that you know is still coaching reach out and offer to volunteer some shadow time with them! That's how I got involved and I loved every minute of it (until I had my own kids and got pulled away).  And to not make it seem like all sunshine and roses, there are moments that suck too.  Some parents suck.  Some kids cause chaos.  Sometimes you wish you could save kids that you can't and seeing what they deal with daily will break your heart.  It's part of what makes coaching so hard and so satisfying, because sometimes you can be the one of the people that helps that one kid stay on the tracks.  It is so much more than just playing a game.

This comment brought a tear to my eye. Thank you for writing.

That sounds like a great time. My HS basketball coach fucking sucked and none of the players really liked one another that much and were always out to get theirs, not be a team. I switched to wrestling the following year and had an experience way more like the one you're describing. It's amazing how much having a good coach changes things because I gave up on basketball after that.

my hs was no good in any sport (my sorry ass was varsity which says everything) but damn every now and then I miss a lot of things about hs team sports.

Lmao I felt that. These were drills we did for club teams. I made my freshman team and rode the bench all season. Got cut sophomore year and played for a club team, junior year I played for the same club team. Senior year I made varsity and rode the bench again. Only time I got in the game is if we were up or down 30 with 2 minutes left in the 4th.

​

... also my hs team was ass.

oh man suicides I do not miss that do miss playing on teams with friends though

I do it with my players so they can make me run lol, it always gets them going

My coach would give us a chance to match or beat him. He’d shoot 1-5 usually, then give that many players one shot each to match or beat his total. One suicide for each you lost by. Lots of pressure to be the last guy

I'm just realizing our lazy coach let the same 4 shooters shoot our frees to end practice 😂. Rather than everyone taking a turn.

The way Kawhi just snatched that ball so casually is insane.

mf palmed the ball

The Klaaawwwww

you save our lives, we are eternally grateful

man palmed some stripper's cheeks like it was a ball and bouncing it.

Yeah just plucked it lmao

Just to see him smiling is insane.

Putting his bad luck on it

The fact he learned how to shoot as well as he does with those big ass hands is one of the more impressive aspects of his game

Ayo my favorite podcaster Paul George is there too. I love you PG!

goat

God he is so fucking handsome.

Terence Mann is probably the most handsome Clipper

i clicked images and all I got was brother dusk

my bad its Terance not Terence. he's very good looking in his headshot though

https://imgur.com/a/BIEMzd1

his pod is great

“I ain’t running”

Shit was like a cameo

Is JJ reddick a joke to you ?

Yes podcast p far clears

Yeah

JJ is an opinionated whiner who is as bad as SAS but he's focused on his own era and biases instead.

Well... he is funny.

There was an attempt

A kobe practice nightmare

Kobe would say "Coach, let me shoot them", have a perfect swish and then intentionally airball the second to make sure they got the extra run

Kobe would go to the baseline and wait to see if they ran anyway, and if they didn’t he wouldn’t pass them the ball next practice

wouldn't pass to them for the next week of games.

He’d make them both and then as everyone is celebrating he’d tell them to get on the line

Nah Kobe would miss both and watch to see who stays and run.

Lol at Lue’s uh ohs

You kind of have to say it after immediately making the first one out of two after that boast.

My favorite thing in this is how absolutely happy and content Kawhi looks ☺️

The players’ smiles as they run at the end is so cute

Stellar coach, and super likeable by his team

Morris hasn’t played that hard a defense in YEARS

And yes, I used only his last name bc I’m not sure which one is on the Clippers rn 😞

Marcus/Mook is a Clipper (unfortunately), Markieff is a Maverick

ESPN: "Westbrook not seen in 56 second video of Clippers practice. Trouble brewing?"

He's there laughing/smiling at around 9sec.

He's standing in the background, which symbolizes his willingness to take a lesser role for the team.

Has Lue lost the locker room?

Who would have ever thought a team with Kawhi, PG, and Westbrook would be so fun.

Imma make em both

Watching this game live was like a fever dream.

They even look similar lmao

Damn. They got good culture

skip to 46 seconds for all the conspiracy theorists out there

? what happened

It looked like it was gonna rim out but because of the spin and the angle it went back in, which people often(jokingly) blame on magnets in the ball.

i was more talkin about morris and lue

What’s the conspiracy there?

that they are lovers which is why morris has been a starter for so long

Oh. Lol. Didn’t know that was a thing people said.

Oh I don't care about that. But I'm watching 0:34-37 on repeat and cannot figure out who threw the jersey.

r/guysbeingdudes

My username is finally relevant.

Grant Williams take notes

Kawhi takes that ball like I pick up a nerf ball.

“Ima make em boaf”.

-Grant Williams

Why’s Morris so close to that man?

you see that 🍑 ty has?

So he’s ready to put Lue into a chokehold whenever Lue even thinks about putting his bum ass on the bench

Morris hates anything basketball related

I like the game respect that everyone showed when the ball was interfered with. They all reset wanting to let the actual competition play out as it should.

I will never be ok with how kawhi can just grab the ball like an orange.

That's the kind of coach you wouldn't mind running for

Shoot and look what harden wants to ruin next

lue always been a really good players coach. everyone likes him wherever he goes

imagine getting paid millions and millions to have fun like this everyday, get to go out and play the sport you like on a competitive basis. these guys are living the life

Vibes seem immaculate.

Ty Lue seems like a fun coach

Coach Carter vibes…HATTIE JEAN, HATTIE JEAN!

I do this with my players too. I've found nothing motivates them better than seeing my sorry ass run a couple sprints lol

Love seeing this in any sport. Guys having fun and loving the game!

Man does this take me back to all those long practices. As a kid it’s a grind but as an adult looking back you miss those moments

I’ve never seen Kawhi grin that hard. Protect Ty Lue at all costs.

Damn great content, this sub could always use more of this

Was good at 7 years old, still good into your 30's, those darn coaches.

T. Lue cold

So crazy. This feels just like high school minus the hundreds of millions of dollars.

Oh god.  The player's coach kiss of death!

James Harden watching this clip on repeat

Also wholesome posted by Suns fan. let this year be a year of fierce competition little to  no injuries specially in the playoffs.

Lovely 🥰

Imma make ‘em bof

Man reddit really is yesterday's twitter nowadays

Harden demanded a trade from the Clips after watching this.

Kawhi mad to... He thought he grappend and orange.

You love to see it. Just people having fun.

Love this.

This is the kind of stuff that builds chemistry. Love it.

I would play for that man.

I just typed that's the player's coach kiss of death! Lol!

stop making me like the clippers!

They look so happy, James Harden is gonna love it there

This is great but should be two 3s.

Guys being dudes

Lol they’re all having so much fun.

Miss you Ty

PG and Kawhi were injured seconds later.

Surprised Kawhi didn't get injured in the last second of the clip

it's always funny that the same shit I do in elementary school flies at the ultimate level

best part of practice is the shooting games with the kids

Every man needs a tribe

Bucket

best jb ever

This is obviously fake. Kawhi is smiling /s

Man, this takes me back

Fun guy is lay laughing

This reminds me of high school, when at the time it seemed ok, but looking back, it was pretty fucked up.

The coach put all of us in the key and shot a free throw. If you got a rebound, you were out. The last person left had to wear pink panties (over their shorts at least) the next practice.

gotta love lue.  from his playing days to when he cried when he won a championship with bron…

Grant Williams 9/11

Ty "I'ma make em both, I'ma make em both" Lue

Joe Mazzula: “if you can choke me out practice is over”

